# LFFMM
Modern poultry farming is large and dense, which makes it easy for infectious diseases to spread widely among poultry. To solve this problem, this paper proposes a lightweight model based on multimodal feature fusion for chicken’s abnormal sound recognition, referred to as LMMFF. Firstly, the spectral subtraction method is chosen for noise reduction of the original sound file. Since it is difficult for traditional sound interception methods to completely intercept segmented chicken sounds, this paper proposes a triple-threshold method to intercept chicken sound samples. Then Mel Frequency Cepstrum Coefficient (MFCC), Gammatone Frequency Cepstrum Coefficient (GFCC), and Linear Prediction Cepstral Coefficient (LPCC) are extracted and fused in series to obtain the acoustic feature MGL. Spectrograms are also extracted as image features. This paper proposes acoustic and image models called aLMMFF and iLMMFF, respectively, to train these different features. MGL and Spectrogram are fed into the training module of the acoustic and image models for training, respectively. The training results of different training modules are fused and fed into the SVM classifier to obtain the final classification results. LMMFF is compared with 16 deep learning models and 4 traditional machine learning models. The experimental results show that the classification accuracy of LMMFF achieves the best classification performance with an accuracy of 99.36%.  Notably, the model size of LMMFF is only 11.2MB. So, LMMFF is feasible and practical for classifying abnormal sounds and can provide technical support for the early warning of respiratory diseases in yellow feather broilers.

More code is comming soon.
